Tower of Feathers 

ADVENTURE HOOKS

1.Players wander across it randomly while walking thourgh an enchanted forest. Could force players in with bad weather. 
2. Given a job by Lord Latida, "La-Ti-Da", (or pick an existing npc in your game). Disaperance of the Lord Latida's son Dasbad. Dasbad has been kidnapped. The assailaints grabbed him on his way home from the pub. Pub owner saw the assailaints dragging the boy off in a sack in to the forest. 
Players who ask motive for taking the boy. Diplomancy dc 10= most likely ransom. DC15 Although Lord Latida is highly repected Dasbad has a bad reputation of making many problems for the towns various pub's. Latida using his status keeps his son out of jail(someones probably taken him to inflict their own justice.)
3. Players witness the sons kidnapping and immidietly go after the assailaints.

VILLIANS LAIR
While wandering the forest(pick a forest in you game)the players run across a clearing with an old crumbeling tower. 
	Feathers litter the ground all around the clearing. In the middle an old crumbeling tower stands slightly askew. The tower is covered in moss and vines. Many birds look down at you through the broken in sections of the tower walls. Its unnatural the way the birds are watching your every move. 
	
	Things related to the outside of the tower. 
	
	Nature check to determine the type of birds. DC 10= many crows intermixed with other common birds of the forest(add birds that fit your game better).
	Tower door is stuck DC 10 strength or Atheletics check to unstick. Spell "knock" could unstick this. 
	
	Map.
	


MONSTERS
http://dnd.wizards.com/products/tabletop/dm-basic-rules

has list of monsters that has all the monster stats. 
no noble or kenku will need monster manual 



Kenku mm page194

birds 
players hand book
hawk cr 0 page 306
owl cr 0 page 308
Raven cr 0 page 309
swarm of ravens cr 1/4 mm pg339
vulture page cr 0 mm 339
noble cr 1/8 mm page 348 (bandit cr 1/8 mm pg. 343)
giant owl cr 1/4 mm 327




ADVENTURE WRAP UP

Depending on what hook you use, and outcome of the Adventure. 20 gold. 2 potions of healing. scroll of lesser restoration. 

1. Players find Dasbad, save him, and escort him home. Reward Full- 25 gold. 2 potions of healing. 
2. Players find him and Dasbad is dead but return sons body to his father based on his heraldy swen on clothes. Reward 1/2- 12 gold 1 potion of healing. 
3. Players find him and Dasbad is dead but don't return the dead body to father. Reward-  gold. 
4. Players don't save him and can't figure out who he is or never get the chance to figure it out. (Possible to happen with hook 3) Reward none

5. Hook3 Dasbad also thanks players giving them a weapon dms choice(sword of some sort is most likely) bearing the Heraldy of Latida family and the rune for friend on it. 
